[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
thriller film the gift
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
annie is a fortune teller a year ago her
husband got a job at a cable factory in
the tiny town of brixton
so annie and their three sons moved
along to the place
however not long after they settled down
her husband died from an explosive
accident at the factory
and he struggled to support the whole
family's living by offering the fortune
telling service
and he was born in a family with the
capability of foretelling the future
and she's incredibly blessed with that
gift many of the townsfolk come to her
to tell their troubles
and she definitely helps them a lot
reading their fortune
feeling their pains and giving advice
gradually
they trust and depend on her yet she
still can't let go of the fact that
although she was able to feel her
husband's danger
she could do nothing to save him in the
town a miserable housewife
whose husband is a farmer and frequently
abuses her comes to annie for help very
often
one day she goes find annie again with
one eye bruised and swollen
reading cards for her annie advises she
should leave her abusive husband
and tries to convince her that her
husband is just a coward
who won't go find her and kill someone
the wife trusts annie but still doesn't
dare leave him
one night the battered wife slips out
what annie said
the husband with an angry mustache
rushes to annie's house immediately
he holds a voodoo doll and calls any a
witch and a satan
and threatens if she doesn't leave his
business alone he will hurt her family
after that annie thinks it is over one
night as annie and her sons happily
walks back home
a malicious spell is heard coming from
the bedroom
she goes in to find out the sound is
actually from her radio
and someone used her cards to make the
word satan on the bed
the next day she tells the police she
bets the angry mustache did it
because he threatened to do something
evil to her family however
the police believe although the angry
mustache is a violent guy
but he doesn't dare break into someone's
house illegally so the police just leave
unwilling to take that seriously
knowing that annie called the police the
angry mustache turns angrier
he goes find her again waiting before
her house
seeing annie's little son walking out he
starts to insult and threaten his family
the little boy is scared and stunned
buddy
one of annie's regular clients witnesses
what happened
he then badly hits the angry mustaches
truck but spares his mustache instead
the angry mustache puts a gun to buddy's
head but buddy begs him to pull the
trigger
which scares his mustache greatly and
therefore extinguishes his anger
he just leaves soon before buddy could
do anything stupid
but he is a poor guy who was abused very
often by his father since he was little
he's very irritable and mentally
unstable in his adulthood
so he regularly comes to any for
guidance annie
encourages him to communicate with his
father to heal his childhood trauma
but he loses control and gets aggressive
each time because he's filled with
resentment against his father
and he still shows her patience and
understanding which he's really grateful
for
annie feels insecure due to the angry
mustaches harassment
and prepares a baseball bat beside her
bed just in case
but she's haunted by nightmares one
night
she suffers a nightmare again in which
someone tries to choke her with bare
hands
but luckily she wakes up right before
dying of suffocation
the next day annie meets a friend at the
school gate and is told that jessica was
found missing last night
and the police is looking around for her
now she is confused and worried by
jessica's sudden disappearance
she still remembers the day she first
met jessica
a few months ago and her son had a fight
with other boys
and he was asked to meet the principal
who was exactly the horny jessica's
fiancee
right there she met jessica who came to
find her honey
knowing annie is a fortune teller
jessica wanted annie to read her fortune
annie agreed and did feel and see a
vision of a pencil falling into the
water
and the horny jessica stanging with her
bare feet covered in mud
however annie didn't mention to them the
horrible scene she saw
because she wasn't quite sure what that
meant at that time
the second and last time she met the
horny jessica was that a party
in the principal was there too yet annie
accidentally saw
jessica having a quickie with a hormone
smelly guy right in the stinky restroom
when she got a chance to chat with the
principal she confirmed that he had no
idea of his fiance's hormone casual
lifestyle
considering that it's none of her
business she didn't breathe a word about
it
on the other hand she was afraid of
hurting his feelings
actually he's so attractive to her
because he kind of looks like her late
husband
but knowing that he was engaged to the
horny jessica she decided to keep her
distance
in the present day annie gets a call
from jessica's father
since the police can't seem to find any
leads he thinks annie may be able to
help find his daughter with her psychic
powers annie accepts the request
one night jessica's anxious father
fiance
and the local sheriff come to her house
while she reads cards for the father
the disbelieving sheriff thinks what she
does is just some hocus pocus
and sounds extremely absurd due to the
distraction from the sheriff
annie fails to feel anything about
jessica she says sorry to the father
and stops the reading that evening
anne's dreams that she walks in a garden
where she sees herself placed beside a
lake surrounded by flowers
and a chain dripping blood she's
horrified by that
and wakes up she decides to take a walk
in the front yard for a breath
when she pets her dog water starts to
drip on her hand from somewhere
looking upward she is shocked to see a
vision of jessica
chained up and floating in the pond
water she realizes jessica may have been
murdered
and chained up into a pond the next day
she tells the sheriff about it he
disbelieves her but is willing to give
it a try
following her instructions the police
unexpectedly find a garden the same as
that in her dream
which is located on the angry mustaches
property that they find the horny corpse
of jessica from underwater
although the angry mustache insists he
has nothing to do with that
he gets arrested immediately after the
police discover some scratches on his
arm
in the trial he says the horny scratches
were made by the horny jessica at a bar
which he can't prove though at the same
time he behaves violent
and blames annie for his sufferings
keeping saying that she is an evil witch
since he can't prove his innocence the
jury convicts him
walking out of the courthouse annie sees
buddy waiting for her right there
he tells her he's in a bad mental
situation and wants her guidance
in a bad mood annie just wants to get
out of the place
so she refuses him and rushes to leave
that evening she gets a call from
buddy's mother
knowing that he ties up his father to a
chair in the backyard
and douses him in gasoline and he
hastily gets there
and tries to stop him however he loses
his mind
and can't stop screaming about how his
father abused him
then he lights a match and his father is
burned alive
but he is thrown into a psychiatric
hospital
getting through all this and he is
exhausted but tries to heal
gradually life begins to get back to
normal at the same time
she starts a relationship with the
principal one day
when she is about to take a shower she
is frightened to see a vision of jessica
sitting in the tub she gets confused
about why jessica comes back to haunt
her
and tells the principal about it he
listens patiently
and suggests they can visit her grave
sometime not long after that
annie gets another vision about jessica
of a basin filled with blood
and someone holding an axe coming to her
annie is so scared
and then realizes that jessica keeps
haunting her trying to tell her the true
killer is still at large she goes find
the senior police officer in charge of
jessica's case
hoping that the police can reinvestigate
the murder he flatly refuses her request
thinking that it's a waste of time
because all the evidence points to the
angry mustache
and he doesn't give up and threatens if
he doesn't do so
she will expose the hormone relationship
between jessica and the officer
who's actually the guy playing a fast
hormone game with jessica at the party
unwilling to risk his future career the
officer promises he will
reopen the case leaving there she drives
home
and is surprised to see the principal
waiting for her knowing that jessica
constantly haunting her
he's pretty worried and suggests annie
reed cards to see what jessica wants
annie agrees to help but gets nothing no
matter how hard she tries
thinking that it may work beside the
pond where jessica was found
they get there later then annie sees the
vision of what happened that night
after a fight with the angry mustache at
a bar jessica planned to drive home
principal showed up and challenged her
why she betrayed him
however the horny jessica seemed to feel
no guilt for her hormone casual
lifestyle
even if they were getting married soon
after taking her to a pond
the principal is so outraged that he
strangled her with his bare hands
knowing the truth annie is scared but
has to keep calm
the sensitive man sees through her and
decides to take her out
he then bashes her down with a
flashlight but before he could hit her
again
buddy shows up and knocks him out
suddenly then they put the principal
into the trunk
and drive to the police station on the
way buddy explains he just escaped from
the hospital
and will come back there to continue the
treatment after guarding her to the
police station
later at the police station annie tells
the police what happened
causing the principal to be arrested
soon
when she tries to find buddy he is left
however the sheriff tells her the
principal admits he's the murderer
but it is impossible that buddy save her
because he has committed suicide by
hanging himself right in that afternoon
and he's shocked and can't believe that
because she still holds the handkerchief
but he gave her on the way in the end
she finally understands its buddy's
ghost that came to save her
and guided her out of her sufferings
this is daniel cc movie channel bye